In this lesson, we'll introduce to
the three main methods used to create recommedation engines,
and you got a glimpse at building these recommendations using the MovieTweetings data.
You then saw some of the different rating scales you might use from click or not,
to like or dislike,
to more granular scales.
Finally, we've looked at some of the goals recommenders play in
meeting business needs that assists with the goal of driving revenue.
In the next lesson,
we'll look at collaborative filtering methods that use
machine learning to make recommendations as well
as some other difficult questions to answer
like how do we measure how good our recommendations even are?